CRT known issues (Changelog) (#5328)
mattermost/docs: source/install/self-managed-changelog.md

 - Added ``@mattermost/react-native-paste-input`` to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile.

### Known Issues

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it's [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).
```

 - Added ``@types/redux-mock-store`` to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-mobile.

### Known Issues

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
```

10. Changes to ``mattermost-server/model`` for naming consistency.

### Known Issues

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
```

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
```

10. Changes to ``mattermost-server/model`` for naming consistency.

### Known Issues

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
```

10. Changes to ``mattermost-server/model`` for naming consistency.

### Known Issues

>  - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](XXXXXXX KB article).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Collapsed Reply Threads](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html) is currently in beta. Before enabling the feature, please ensure you are well versed in the [known issues](https://docs.mattermost.com/messaging/organizing-conversations.html#known-issues),  particularly relating to database resource requirements and server performance implications. If you cannot easily scale up your database size, or are running the Mattermost application server and database server on the same machine, we recommended waiting to enable Collapsed Reply Threads until it is [promoted to general availability in Q1 2022](https://mattermost.com/blog/collapsed-reply-threads-ga/). Learn more about these [performance considerations here](https://support.mattermost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4413183568276).
```
